Homework 23
1.	Css selectors?
All Selector (“*”)
Selects all elements.
Syntax: * ns|* *|*           * will match all the elements in the document.
Class Selector (“.class”)
Selects all elements with the given class.
Syntax: .classname
Example: it will match any element that has in the class.
Element Selector (“element”)
Selects all elements with the given tag name.
Syntax: eltname
Example: input will match any <input> element.
ID Selector (“#id”)
Selects a single element with the given id attribute.
Syntax: #idname
Example: #doc will match the element that has the id doc
Multiple Selector (“selector1, selector2, selectorN”)
Selects the combined results of all the specified selectors.

2.	Attribute based selectors?
Attribute values in selector expressions must follow the rules for W3C CSS selectors; in general, that means anything other than a valid identifier should be surrounded by quotation marks.
Attribute Contains Prefix Selector [name|=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value either equal to a given string or starting with that string followed by a hyphen (-).
Attribute Contains Selector [name*=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value containing a given substring.
Attribute Contains Word Selector [name~=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value containing a given word, delimited by spaces.
Attribute Ends with Selector [name$=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value ending exactly with a given string. The comparison is case sensitive.
Attribute Equals Selector [name=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value exactly equal to a certain value.
Also in: Selectors > jQuery Extensions
Attribute Not Equal Selector [name!=”value”]
Select elements that either don’t have the specified attribute, or do have the specified attribute but not with a certain value.
Attribute Starts with Selector [name^=”value”]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute with a value beginning exactly with a given string.
Has Attribute Selector [name]
Selects elements that have the specified attribute, with any value.
Multiple Attribute Selector [name=”value”][name2=”value2″]
Matches elements that match all the specified attribute filters.

3.	Child filter selectors?
:first-child Selector
Selects all elements that are the first child of their parent.
:first-of-type Selector
Selects all elements that are the first among siblings of the same element name.
:last-child Selector
Selects all elements that are the last child of their parent.
:last-of-type Selector
Selects all elements that are the last among siblings of the same element name.
:nth-child() Selector
Selects all elements that are the nth-child of their parent.
:nth-last-child() Selector
Selects all elements that are the nth-child of their parent, counting from the last element to the first.
:nth-last-of-type() Selector
Selects all the elements that are the nth-child of their parent in relation to siblings with the same element name, counting from the last element to the first.
:nth-of-type() Selector
Selects all elements that are the nth child of their parent in relation to siblings with the same element name.
:only-child Selector
Selects all elements that are the only child of their parent.
:only-of-type Selector
Selects all elements that have no siblings with the same element name.

4.	Content-filter selector?
:contains() Selector
Select all elements that contain the specified text.
:empty Selector
Select all elements that have no children (including text nodes).
:has() Selector
Selects elements which contain at least one element that matches the specified selector.
:parent Selector
Select all elements that have at least one child node (either an element or text).
:button Selector
Selects all button elements and elements of type button.
:checkbox Selector
Selects all elements of type checkbox.
:checked Selector
Matches all elements that are checked or selected.
:disabled Selector
Selects all elements that are disabled.
:enabled Selector
Selects all elements that are enabled.
:file Selector
Selects all elements of type file.
:focus Selector
Selects element if it is currently focused.
:image Selector
Selects all elements of type image.
:input Selector
Selects all input, textarea, select and button elements.
:password Selector
Selects all elements of type password.
:radio Selector
Selects all elements of type radio.
:reset Selector
Selects all elements of type reset.
:selected Selector
Selects all elements that are selected.
:submit Selector
Selects all elements of type submit.
:text Selector
Selects all input elements of type text.
5.	Hierarchy selectors:
Child Selector (“parent > child”)
Selects all direct child elements specified by “child” of elements specified by “parent”.
Descendant Selector (“ancestor descendant”)
Selects all elements that are descendants of a given ancestor.
Next Adjacent Selector (“prev + next”)
Selects all next elements matching “next” that are immediately preceded by a sibling “prev”.
Next Siblings Selector (“prev ~ siblings”)
Selects all sibling elements that follow after the “prev” element, have the same parent, and match the filtering “siblings” selector.
6.	Jquery selector extensions:
:animated Selector
Select all elements that are in the progress of an animation at the time the selector is run.
Attribute Not Equal Selector [name!=”value”]
Select elements that either don’t have the specified attribute, or do have the specified attribute but not with a certain value.
:button Selector
Selects all button elements and elements of type button.
:checkbox Selector
Selects all elements of type checkbox.
:eq() Selector
Select the element at index n within the matched set.
:even Selector
Selects even elements, zero-indexed. See also odd.
:file Selector
Selects all elements of type file.
:first Selector
Selects the first matched DOM element.
:gt() Selector
Select all elements at an index greater than index within the matched set.
:has() Selector
Selects elements which contain at least one element that matches the specified selector.
:header Selector
Selects all elements that are headers, like h1, h2, h3 and so on.
:hidden Selector
Selects all elements that are hidden.
:image Selector
Selects all elements of type image.
:input Selector
Selects all input, textarea, select and button elements.
:last Selector
Selects the last matched element.
Also in: Selectors > Basic Filtr
:lt() Selector
Select all elements at an index less than index within the matched set.
:odd Selector
Selects odd elements, zero-indexed. See also even.
:parent Selector
Select all elements that have at least one child node (either an element or text).
:password Selector
Selects all elements of type password.
:radio Selector
Selects all elements of type radio.
:reset Selector
Selects all elements of type reset.
:selected Selector
Selects all elements that are selected.
:submit Selector
Selects all elements of type submit.
:text Selector
Selects all input elements of type text.
:visible Selector
Selects all elements that are visible.

7.	Visibility-filter-selectors
:hidden Selector
Selects all elements that are hidden.
:visible Selector
Selects all elements that are visible.
